[DOCS] Event filters and Host isolation exceptions by Policy (#1615)
elastic/security-docs: docs/management/admin/trusted-apps.asciidoc

* `Global`: Assign the trusted application to all integration policies for {endpoint-sec}.
* `Per Policy` (Platinum or Enterprise subscription only): Assign the trusted application to one or more specific {endpoint-sec} integration policies. Select each policy in which you want the application to be trusted.
+

> NOTE: You can also select the `Per Policy` option without immediately assigning a policy to the trusted application. For example, you could do this to create and review your trusted application configurations before putting them into action with a policy.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
NOTE: You can also select the `Per Policy` option without immediately assigning a policy to the trusted application. For example, you could do this to create and review your trusted application configurations before activating them with a policy.
```

Reviewer: Only a rec. Feel free to ignore if it's wrong or you decide against using it!
